The Sahel desert region is south of the Sahara desert in central Africa.  The north end of it is semi-arid but transitions to being more humid and wet further south.  Due to ongoing climate change the region is experiencing a phenomenon called desertification, where more fertile lands become more arid and dry.  These problems have led the Sahel to be one of the poorest and in-stable regions in the world.  In response to these challenges both regional and international efforts have focused on mitigating and solving the problem, one of the most notable examples of this is the Great Green Wall, an ongoing reforestation initiative to plant trees across the region to combat climate change and restore the region.  Currently the effort is around 15% of the way done, and has the added benefit of creating local jobs to help complete this effort.  A major innovative solution that will help the region combat climate change is the use of solar-powered technology in the region.  This could be huge since the Africa is the leading continent in solar power potential. The power can be used across the broader electrical grid and if a surplus is created this can even allow for exporting the power to regions in Africa that may not have enough sunlight to reliably use solar powered technology.  This untaped market, that has both benefits to the local region and benefits the global community as well.  In conclusion, while the task of reforesting the Sahel may seem difficult, the combination of both modern innovations with human ingenuity will lead the region and the global stage to a more sustainable future.